WLB White Hole Universe Theory V4- Unified Theory of Particle Physics, Electromagnetic Physics, Astrophysics and Extrapolation
2023-12-19 v1
I love the universe, and I have longed for the end of my life. I have been thinking about what the universe is day and night, and even in my dreams, I want to know where we are in the universe. One day, I will find the answer, and now I dedicate it to my friends who long to know.
I believe that the center of the universe is a white hole, and matter is ejected from it. All galaxies in the universe revolve around the white hole like light, and all I can see is the very small space of the white hole system. The superluminal expansion of space in the universe is also caused by the strong repulsive force provided by the white hole. It is speculated that there is dark matter, which may be due to the strong repulsive force of the white hole. The reported Milky Way does not support such a rotational speed, and it may be that external repulsive forces are suppressing the Milky Way's ejection force. If the theory of the center of the white hole universe is correct, as the galaxy moves further away from the white hole, the external field becomes smaller, and all matter may exhibit repulsion. Without a strong external field, decay is estimated to be faster. Quantum theory believes that photons are also wave packets, photon waves. The package should eventually flatten and disappear, as there is a redshift phenomenon in light waves between galaxies in the universe, It is consistent with the hypothesis that the wave packet has become lower, and it is highly likely that the light wave will eventually decay into nothingness, with energy and mass disappearing, and all matter dissipating at the outermost edge of the white hole. The surface of a white hole looks like a phenomenon beneath the skin of a black hole, and the center of the black hole may have the ability to make matter disappear. The only movement of Andromeda towards the Milky Way is the blue shift, which can be seen as the inverse decay of photons and confirms that the half-life of matter may not be constant. Einstein also said that the velocity of light relative to all reference frames is the same, and the redshift and blueshift can only be explained by decay. The velocity and position of matter determine the half-life, and the radius of the white hole may be up to 10 trillion light-years. The short-term changes in half-life should not be visible. Some broadcasters have raised questions about what vacuum is, and if the theory is correct, it may provide the answer. The universe has boundaries, and vacuum can generate matter and annihilate matter on its own. Vacuum is just a part of a black hole, and it is not surprising that matter can annihilate inside-- wlb

Interested friends can derive corresponding equations and verify their characteristics based on the principles, but the author is currently not interested in deducing them.
If my theory is correct, the meaning of the universe is that the time outside the white hole is obviously slower than ours. The larger the celestial body, the slower its time. The purpose of our universe is calculation, because our time flow is very fast. God may have their own God, who needs to deal with problems or find answers.
————————————————
2024 8 13  v2
I have also discovered the equation that can perfectly describe the observed universe today, which should be the linear superposition of Einstein's tensor equation describing spacetime. The constants of the superposition equation, such as the speed of light, should be different from each other. The black hole in our white hole system may have outer spacetime properties, so it can travel faster than the speed of light, manifested as the redshift of the galaxy deriving a velocity greater than the speed of light.

2024 10 31-v3 Verification method for expanding cantilever beyond verification
The early formation of the white hole system was influenced by singularity rotation and flight, and the white hole system should also have spiral arms. The perception of the internal space of the black hole should be that it rotates outward from the white hole, just like the white hole is rotating. From the outside of the black hole, it is assumed that there is a cantilever around the singularity, and the ultra large scale outward expansion cantilever feature should be used to verify the correctness of the white hole system theory.

2024 12 15-v4 - Unified Theory of Particle Physics, Electromagnetic Physics, Astronomy and Physics Derived
A black hole is composed of basic pure waves that can exist stably. Pure waves have super flexibility, also known as super soft waves. Pure waves can have spherical vibrations, as well as non spherical vibrations. Both spherical and non spherical vibrations have wave pressure. Ball shock pure waves have one type of external high pressure and one type of external low internal low pressure, which can attract when the external low and internal high are far away. Ball pure waves have two electrical characteristics: external high or external low pressure. At the same time, there are non spherical vibrations, which provide gravity, and the frequency determines the strength of attraction.
The basic pure wave originates from the extinction of a pure wave outside the black hole, and as long as the abilities of both sides are equal, they can be exchanged into the interior of the black hole. The pure waves inside and outside the black hole may not be exactly the same, and those basic pure waves should be related to the frequency of the black hole
Pure spherical waves can form composite particles or independent particles with respect to each other according to pressure behavior. When the external pressure of pure spherical waves is high or low, they repel each other. Pure spherical waves attract each other with one high pressure and one low pressure, and at equal pressure, they combine to form composite particles. This principle can be used to combine particles in a higher layer The pure wave energy of cyclic recombination can form quark like confined composite particles
When the pressure inside and outside a certain space is 0 after combination, it is a neutral particle. Neutrality is relative, and neutral particles can also combine beyond the surface space, just like elements or molecules
The mutual attraction between pure wave sphere and pure wave composite particles is relative, and the singularity has the highest frequency in the white hole universe, which has an attractive effect on all pure wave sphere and pure wave composite particles due to wave pressure
Positive and negative matter are pure waves that can cancel each other out. If pure waves cannot exist stably when exchanged inside a black hole, there may be an empty white hole system
Explain the quantum erasing selection experiment with this pair
When particles and ultra soft waves are detected on either side of the detector, the other end is determined, and when waves are detected, the opposite is true
It is not surprising that tunneling exists simultaneously due to its super flexibility
prophesy:
The division of the solar system into inner and outer sides by the asteroid belt is essentially the same as the division of black holes into inner and outer sides, and should be related to the confrontation of space mass.
The arrangement of electronic layers and planetary positions should be related to the equivalent wave pressure.
In general, when a substance is heated, the pure wave eaves widen and the substance expands.
verification:
The asteroid belt should be the center zone of equivalent anti wave pressure, and it should be possible to detect it with gravitational instruments.
The radius of a black hole should also differ from the radius of a black hole in relativity.
